Edits to 7-5-Searches (#155)
bhoffman0/CSAwesome: _sources/Unit7-ArrayList/topic-7-5-searching.rst

   single: binary search
   pair: search; binary

How do you search for something in a phone book or dictionary that is in alphabetical order? If you're looking for something beginning with M, you wouldn't want to start with page 1. You would probably start somewhere in the middle of the book. This is the idea behind **binary search**.

> If your array or list is already in order (sorted), it’s faster to find an element using binary search. Binary search can only be used if the data is sorted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your array or list is already in order (sorted), binary search will on average find an element or determine that it is missing much more quickly than a linear search. But binary search can only be used if the data is sorted.
```
